docs: add middleware bypass note to CDN caching guide (#92132)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/02-guides/cdn-caching.mdx

- `next-router-segment-prefetch` — the specific segment being prefetched
- `next-url` — added only for routes that use [interception routes](/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/intercepting-routes), carries the URL being intercepted

> > **Good to know:** If your deployment runs Proxy/Middleware behind your CDN (instead of in front of the cache), configure your CDN or cache layer to bypass caching for requests that depend on Proxy/Middleware decisions. Otherwise, the CDN can serve a cached response without running Proxy/Middleware first, and it will stop being the source of truth for auth, redirects, and rewrites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Good to know:** [`proxy.js`](/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/proxy) (previously Middleware) should run before the CDN cache so it remains the source of truth for auth, redirects, and rewrites. If your deployment places `proxy.js` behind the CDN, configure the cache layer to bypass caching for routes that depend on `proxy.js` decisions.
```
